---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "atlassian-operations_service Resource - atlassian-operations"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# atlassian-operations_service (Resource)


This resource only works for Jira Service Management services. [Read more about services](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-service-management-cloud/docs/what-is-services/).


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) The description of the JSM service
- `name` (String) The name of the JSM service
- `owner` (String) The owner team ID of the JSM service. If you want to remove the owner, set this to an empty string.
- `tier` (Number) The tier level of the JSM service
- `type` (String) The type of the JSM service

### Optional

- `change_approvers` (Attributes) Change approvers configuration for the JSM service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--change_approvers))
- `projects` (Attributes) Projects configuration for the JSM service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--projects))
- `responders` (Attributes) Responders configuration for the JSM service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--responders))
- `stakeholders` (Attributes) Stakeholders configuration for the JSM service (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--stakeholders))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the JSM service

<a id="nestedatt--change_approvers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `change_approvers`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) List of group IDs for change approvers. If you want to remove all group change approvers, set this to an empty list.


<a id="nestedatt--projects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `projects`

Optional:

- `ids` (List of String) List of project IDs. If you want to remove all project IDs, set this to an empty list.


<a id="nestedatt--responders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `responders`

Optional:

- `teams` (List of String) List of team IDs for responders. If you want to remove all teams responders, set this to an empty list.
- `users` (List of String) List of user IDs for responders. If you want to remove all users responders, set this to an empty list.


<a id="nestedatt--stakeholders"></a>
### Nested Schema for `stakeholders`

Optional:

- `users` (List of String) List of user IDs for stakeholders. If you want to remove all user stakeholders, set this to an empty list.
